Add more details regarding the 5 env limit (#3048)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/domains/steps/custom-non-production-domains.md

{{< /note >}}

To add custom non-production domains yourself, you must be a **project admin**.

> You can add custom domains to up to 5 environments per project (not including the production environment). This is not a hard limit, it can be increased at no charge on request (the intention is mostly to prevent abuse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent abuse, by default you can add custom domains to up to 5 environments per project only (not including the production environment).
But you can increase this limit without charge.
To do so, contact [contact Support](../../overview/get-support.md).
```

{{< /note >}}

To add custom non-production domains yourself, you must be a **project admin**.

> To prevent abuse, by default you can add custom domains to up to 5 environments per project only (not including the production environment).
> But you can increase this limit without charge.
> To do so, [contact Support](../../overview/get-support.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent abuse, by default you can add custom domains to up to 5 environments per project (not including the production environment).
But you can increase this limit without charge.
To do so, [contact Support](../../overview/get-support.md).
```

> To do so, contact [contact Support](../../overview/get-support.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, [contact Support](../../overview/get-support.md).
```
